Eric Latimer egl33
Seth Hoenig  sah2659


InstaCram Beta Overview


Features:
    Users can create new study decks, edit study decks, view study decks, and delete study decks.  Upon creation, the user can then add a new front/back pair of images (called a card) which are camera stills taken within the app.  A deck can contain any number of cards.  The user can open a View Decks scroller to either edit or view any specific deck.  
The Edit Deck page provides an interface to add new cards and to delete the deck.  The View Deck page is a side-scrolling gallery of images.  Each image represents the front (or back) of a card.  When the main image is clicked, the main image is replaced with the opposite side of the card.  So if viewing the front, the back will then be displayed and vice versa.  Below the main image a side-scroller of image thumbnails is displayed to allow the user to select the next card to view.


Features not implemented:
    There is no auto-cropping on image upload.  There are also no high-resolution images. (See code documentation for known Android bug regarding this).


Features that were not in the prototype:
    Some of the buttons in the Edit Deck page were not in our prototype.  Also, the side-scrolling image gallery was not explicitly mentioned in the prototype.  
If no decks are available and the user selects to Edit or View a deck, the Add Deck alert will start instead.
Fixed from the Alpha, now the Edit Deck page displays the name of the deck, not simply the ID of the deck.
Another fix from the Alpha is now an error message is presented if the user tries to save a card without adding both sides first (via the camera).


Outsourced code:
	The image gallery was adapted largely from a tutorial website for Android Gallery Widgets: http://www.mobisoftinfotech.com/blog/android/android-gallery-widget-example-and-tutorial/
	Classes included:
        DeckGalleryActivity
        DeckGalleryAdapter
	The database was modeled from a tutorial on Android SQLite: http://www.androidhive.info/2011/11/android-sqlite-database-tutorial/
	Classes included:
        DatabaseHandler
                
Major chunks of code completed ourselves:
	ImgEdit